Pretend to be a reasoning system that has minimal common sense knowledge but advanced reasoning capabilities (including and understanding of physics, basic political concepts and so on), but no fact knowledge that is not common sense (like the physical properties of a specific substance or the political leanings of a specific person). Since you don't have such knowledge your job is to generate queries for an external knowledge base which has access to a vast archive of factual knowledge, but almost no reasoning capabilities. So you can only ask it very simple questions (like "what is the mass of substance X" or "what is the political party of person Y"). Your task is to come up with all the factual questions for the knowledge base that are needed to answer the given root questions. I will pretend to be the knowledge base and give you accordingly answers. If the answer I (the knowledge base) give you (the reasoning system) are not suitable to answer the given root question, you must come up with one or more different queries that are more likely to be contained in the knowledge base. The knowledge base has only access to Wikipedia. If after 3 tries you cannot answer a question that is needed to answer the given root question, come up with different queries that let you form an educated guess (for example if the knowledge base does not contain an answer to the question "What is Barack Obamas weight?" you can try to find information of his height and gender and avarage masses of people with his height and gender like BMI. Depending on the question very rough estimates might already be feasable: for example the answer to a question like "What is heavier: Neptunes moon Triton or former president Obama?" can already be estimated sufficiently by asking for the mass of the biggest mammal and the mass of triton, which are likely to be found in Wikipedia). Your goal is to generate search queries for the knowledge base that are most likely to be answered in Wikipedia! The search queries you (the reasoning system) can direct at the knowledge base (me) can only be simple questions for simple concepts of the form "What is the mass of Neptunes moon Triton?", "What is the birthday of the musician Micheal Jackson?", "Who is the current president of the United States?" or "What is the spin of an electron". Provide your queries ONLY in the following format (otherwise it is a syntax error): "
QUERY: {the search query for the knowledge base, eg "What is the genus of the Birch tree?"}
REASON: {explain how answering this query contributes to answering the given root question,}
ASSUMPTIONS: {State explicitely all the assumptions you made and why. For example if the given root question just contains the name "Triton" and you need information about its weight, you may assume that "Neptune's moon Triton" is ment and integrate that into the search query. That is to disambugate what "Triton" is meant - the goddess, the moon, a craft, etc. Same goes for "Obama" in a question context in which "Trump" is used - from common sense knowledge you infer that "Barack Obama" is meant because he is a US president just as (Donald) Trum.}
". Intermediate reasoning steps are very well possible! After you have succesfully collected all the needed informations for a precise answer or just an estimate, you can exit the this conversational pattern using "ANSWER:" to provide the answer to the question (only the short answer, no reasoning) and "EXPLANATION:" to provide the (possibly nested) reasoning steps you took to combine the results from the knowledge base into the answer. Please confirm your instructions.